it was actually just across the studies have
I fell in love with the piece
that was my wish piece in the study
should learn it also ups allowed
got and made a huge pleasure
of course, to work in there and
I stayed with it and with this piece for
for my rehearsal then in the
run just 20 pieces of the number
was my second choice piece
after the mozart a major concert
and that has been very successful
actually brought because you once
can get started great that the piece goes
Well, it's not like that and such a thing
Begin fear
yes you can immediately in the violin
go in and at the same time on very deep
I'll say the first one in music
first introduction then the topic there is
I say several possibilities
you could play on the b side
you can play that in the first days
with stones stearns in the first position
very interesting very classy and whole
fine
You can do that in the style of
play gremio quite classic or
or just like an oistrakh completely on the
deepening and deepening Russian style
and and and heavy as well as first
took
So I would be quite
what lives your called the piece yes
and toys in many passages and
if you look at it now how many
Probespieler come with this piece and
are very successful and good
are only moderately difficult to put in it
it is for example down here this
Passage is very uncomfortable throughout
gripped and hard to work with bow
finger together and patents anyway and
last sentence too and are already a few
Hairy hairy passage still in there
Overall, it is consistently one
heavy piece you have to say no
I would be on the spot
a very short quote from hermann roth
lg always said techno
sharing and that is very important thing
for example, on this second page
Keep going for time
dynamics is terribly important that
go down here this office
heed and builds up again and again
build up again and again
build and that actually stretches
through the whole piece and the lyrical ones
parts very clear , I was very fine
interpret and then it may as well
really really go to the thing where
he also writes here for example
with letter the first sentence one
triple fortissimo age that is
already neat this span
the one who draws and that's what I think
important that you also go back there
in any case because they first of all
times the entire development stages of the
the springs also brings under one roof
and that I find that very interesting
to be seen as a musician where to do that
comes from the east partially double
Systems are noted where you get where you are
take bow from the upper system and
from the first issue from the
piano score very interesting and you
This can be the very individual mission
I think that's very good and that
actually creates one for the player
great flexibility
the best
had to stop stopped was not
lay more because of the pianist
and that is really a real one
I think profit for everyone
rehearsal of the future